Hey friends welcome to our channel Film Hub
friends health insurance is a
very important decision for any family
because it saves you from any planned or
unplanned medical expenses and to make
this process easier in this video
we are going to discuss ICC
Lombard's Health Advantage plan
in detail we are going to see all the features of this plan
and in the end of the video we will
see it with an example and
will also calculate the premium so do
watch this video till the end friends
before going into the details of the policy let's
understand something about ICC Lombard in terms of it it is among the
top three private health
insurance companies in India if we
look at the data of IRDA which is India's
insurance related regulatory body if we
talk about the incurred claim ratio that is how much of the
premium the company has
returned to the policy holder then
in ICC Lombard's case this ratio is
91.67
for 2122 which is a very healthy ratio
friends here if we talk  Regarding
network hospitals, ICC Lombard has a
total of 7000+ network hospitals
where you can avail cashless treatment. So
friends, let's move ahead without any delay
and understand the policy details.
First, let's talk about sum injured. This tells you
how much maximum reimbursement you will receive at the time of claim. This is the
most important part of the policy because
your premium depends on it.
Friends, here in the Health Advantage plan,
you can choose a policy ranging from ₹5 lakh to ₹
3 crore. There
is a lot of flexibility here. Friends, you can choose this plan on
both individual and floater basis.
If you choose on a floater basis,
then your sum in short will be the
combined sum injured of the entire family.
Friends, next let's talk about
hospitalization expenses. That is, whenever
you undergo any treatment and your
hospitalization is more than 24 hours, then
all your medical expenses will be covered
under this.  It includes room rent, ICU
charges, operation theatre charges, doctor
consultation fees, diagnostic charges, medicine
charges, blue oxygen, etc. Whatever charges have been
denied are included.
Friends, there is no limit on room rent in this policy, that is,
private single
room charges and your maximum
reimbursement depends on the sum in short.
Friends, next let's talk about
pre-hospital expenses, that is, whenever
you have a hospital stay, all the
relative medical expenses before that, such as
cost of diagnostic medicine charges,
doctor consultation fees, etc., are covered.
Here, the limit for pre-
hospital expenses is 60 days. Similarly,
if we talk about post-hospitalization, then in this policy, all
your medical expenses for 188 days after hospitalization are
covered. Friends,
next let's talk about guaranteed no bonus, that is,
if you take the policy and do
not make any claim, then next
year when you are renewing,
20% will be added to your sum injured and this
maximum will increase.  After 5 years, it can increase up to 100%.
Friends, the good thing here is
that whenever you make a claim,
your sum insured will not fall back, as is the case with
many company policies, where
whenever you make a claim, the sum
insured falls back at this rate. However, this is
not the case here. Whatever your sum insured has increased, it will remain
large forever. Friends,
next let's talk about the restore benefit,
which is a very good and important
feature called restore benefit.
Whenever you make a claim, your sum
insured is automatically refilled, no matter how much it has been
utilized. For
example, if you have taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh
and your first claim is of Rs 6
lakh, then the company will top up your policy and increase
your sum insured to Rs 10 lakh.
And you can again make a claim of up to Rs 10 lakh in this policy.
You get this feature only
once a year. Friends, next
let's talk about the care treatment.  That is, the
treatment where your hospital stay
is less than 24 hours, all day
care treatments are covered in this policy, some
examples of this are chemotherapy, cataract operation
etc. You can see the policy document for the complete list.
Friends, the
thing to note here is that these day
care procedures are different from OPD.
OPD means outpatient department
where you consult with the doctor
and go back, these are different from them.
Friends, next let's talk about
domiciliary hospital, that is, hospital or
home. Here, if your condition is such
that you cannot be shifted to the hospital
or if a bed is not available in the hospital, then you
can do specialty treatment, but there are
some conditions here, such as whatever treatment you are undergoing should be
under the supervision of a medical practitioner
and your hospital or home stay should be for
more than 3 days. Friends,
some treatments like
asthma, bronchi, arthritis etc. are
not covered in this, you can
see the policy document for the complete list.  Friends,
next let's talk about ambulance coverage.
First, let's talk about surface ambulance. If
you have a hospital and
need to travel by ambulance, or if you are being
shifted from one hospital to another, then
you can avail this facility
and you
can claim up to a maximum of Rs. 10,000 per hospital.
Friends, also, if you have such a
condition that you need to be shifted
to a hospital, then you
can avail this facility and the ambulance here as well, and you can claim it up to the
maximum limit.
Friends, next let's talk about donor
expenses. If you have a hospital and an
organ transplant, then your donor's
medical expenses will be covered
during the hospital stay. Whatever limit is there here,
it will also be up to your maximum sub-injury.
Friends, next let's talk about Ayush
hospital. Here, if you
take treatment of Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha, etc., then
all the hospital expenses are
covered. Friends,
next let's talk about convalescence benefit.
If your hospitalization is for more than 10 days,
you will get an allowance of
₹10,000. Friends, next let's talk about
health checkup. If you
take the policy, then you can use 0.5% of your sum in short up
to a maximum of ₹10,000 for health checkup.
Friends, next let's talk about
animal vaccination. If
you have any animal like
dog or monkey, then all the
vaccination charges up to ₹10,000 are covered.
Friends, in this policy, if bariatric surgery
is recommended by the doctor, then that
is also covered, which can be done up to a maximum of 50% of the sum injured
or a maximum of ₹10 lakh.
Friends, along with this, there is an
option of teleconsultation in this policy. If you take it, then
you get unlimited tele-cancellation stations.
Friends, if you want, there are
some additional benefits in this policy,
which you can opt for by looking at the extra premium,
such as  Maternity
Benefit: If you take this, you will get 10%
off your basic sum assured, maximum
maternity benefit for ₹10. You
can also take a newborn baby cover,
which is covered double your maternity
cover. If you
talk about critical illness, here you
get coverage for critical illness where
you will get a lump sum amount if you have any
critical illness, the
maximum of which can be
sum injured or up to 50 lakhs.
Whatever you are taking, it is
very important to understand its limitations first. So
here we talk about the
waiting period. If you have any existing
disease, then its waiting
period will be 2 years. You
cannot make any claim before that. Friends, there are also
some specific conditions for
which the waiting period will be 2 years, such as
if you have cataract stone surgery.  If you
want to do this, then you will have to wait for 2 years for that too,
friends. Also,
whenever you take a policy, you
cannot make any claim for the first 30 days except in case
of accident. So
friends, let us now move ahead and see
this policy with an example.
Consider Ram, this policy is for himself and
for his spouse and it is a floater type
policy. Here Ram is 30
years old and he has taken the same short thing of ₹10.
Friends, here I
would like to tell you that whatever is your premium in this policy
depends on your age.
So if you live in metro cities, then it is
possible that your premium may be higher. This is a
good thing, so if you are living in non-metro cities, then
your premium will be less. Here,
because Ram is living in Delhi, so
I have entered the P code of Delhi here. So
friends, his premium here came out to be
12791, in which GST is not included.
Friends, if Ram takes 2 insurances simultaneously.  If he
pays the premium then he will
get some discount like 7.5%
in 2 years and if he is late by 3 years then
he will get a discount of 10%
in the premium. Then friends, if you want, you
can go to the ICC Lombard website and enter your details and calculate your premium yourself and you can take this policy
online or offline as you wish.
Friends, we hope you
liked this video. If you have any
query then definitely put it in the comment section.
Friends, before going,
like and share this video of ours. Also,
you must subscribe to our channel as a fan
and at least ring the bell that you see on the screen.
Thank you and Stay
Healthy.